fix broken links and update the description of iterators (#31522)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mdn/writing_guidelines/howto/write_an_api_reference/information_contained_in_a_webidl_file/index.md

DOMString canPlayType(DOMString type);
```

> The return value type is indicated before the method name — in the above case the value is an object of type `DOMString`. If followed by a question mark (`'?'`), a value of `null` can be returned too, and the documentation must explain _when_ this may happen. If no question mark is present, like here, the return value can't be `null`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The return value type is indicated before the method name — in the above case the value is an object of type `DOMString`. If the return type is followed by a question mark (`'?'`), a value of `null` can be returned too, and the documentation must explain _when_ this may happen. If no question mark is present, like here, the return value can't be `null`.
```

> The keyword `void` means that there is no return value. It is not a return value type. If the WebIDL entry reads `void`, the _Return value_ section in the docs should simply contain a sentence "None (\{{jsxref("undefined")}}).".

Reviewer: To keep continuity from the previous paragraph, suggesting a change to phrasing of the first sentence:
```suggestion
If the return value is the `void` keyword, it means that there is no return value. It is not a return value type. If the WebIDL entry reads `void`, the _Return value_ section in the docs should simply state "None (\{{jsxref("undefined")}}).".
```

- `entries()`, which returns an [`iterator`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Iteration_protocols) on the indexes (that are `unsigned long`).
- `values()`, which returns an [`iterator`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Iteration_protocols) on the values.
- `keys()`, which returns an [`iterator`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Iteration_protocols) on the keys, that are its indexes (that are `unsigned long`). In the case of value iterators, `keys()` and `entries()` are identical.

> - `forEach()`, which generates an [`iterator`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Iteration_protocols) on the values, and then calls a given callback function one for each entry in the list.

Author: According to the specification, the `forEach()` method does generate an iterator, but it is indeed clearer to modify it this way, developers do not need to care about how this method is implemented :)

Such an iterator allows to use the syntax `for (const p in object)` as a shorthand of `for (const p in object.entries())`. We add a sentence about it in the interface description.

> > **Note:** the value pairs to iterate over can be defined in three different ways:

Author: I think we can remove the notecard highlighting, I'll do this

>
> 1. In the webidl file, use the `iterable<valueType>` notation. E.g. {{domxref('DOMTokenList')}}.
> 2. In the webidl file, implicitly, if the interface supports indexed properties, that is when the interface has a `getter` methods with a parameter of type `unsigned long`.
> 3. Outside the webidl file, in the prose accompanying it. Such a prose is in the spec and usually starts with: _"The [values to iterate over](https://webidl.spec.whatwg.org/#dfn-value-iterator)…"_.

#### Pair iterator

```webidl
iterable<keyType, valueType>
```

The iterator will iterate over values of type _valueType_ with keys of type _keyType_, that is the value pairs. The generated methods will be:

> - `entries()` that returns an [`iterator`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Iteration_protocols) on the value pairs. E.g. {{domxref('FormData.entries()')}}
> - `values()` that returns an [`iterator`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Iteration_protocols) on the values. E.g. {{domxref('FormData.values()')}}
> - `keys()` that returns an [`iterator`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Iteration_protocols) on the keys. E.g. {{domxref('FormData.keys()')}}

Reviewer: To make it similar to the verbiage in the "Value iterator" section
```suggestion
- `entries()`, which returns an [`iterator`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Iteration_protocols) on the value pairs. For example, see {{domxref('FormData.entries()')}}.
- `values()`, which returns an [`iterator`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Iteration_protocols) on the values. For example, see {{domxref('FormData.values()')}}.
- `keys()`, which returns an [`iterator`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Iteration_protocols) on the keys. For example, see {{domxref('FormData.keys()')}}.
```

> - `forEach()` that generates an [`iterator`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Iteration_protocols) on the value pairs, and then calls a given callback function one for each entry in the list. E.g. {{domxref('Headers.forEach()')}}

Reviewer: Same comment for `forEach()` here as in the "Value iterator" section

Such an iterator allows to use the syntax `for (const p in object)` as a shorthand of `for (const p in object.entries())`. We add a sentence about it in the interface description. E.g. {{domxref('FormData')}}.

> > **Note:** the value pairs to iterate over can be defined in two different ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** The value pairs to iterate over can be defined in one of the following ways:
```

>
> 1. In the webidl file, use the `iterable<keyType, valueType>` notation. E.g. {{domxref('FormData')}}.

> > 2. Outside the webidl file, in the prose accompanying it. Such a prose is in the spec and usually has a sentence like this: _"The [value pairs to iterate over](https://webidl.spec.whatwg.org/#dfn-value-pairs-to-iterate-over) are the list of value pairs with the [key](https://webidl.spec.whatwg.org/#value-pair-key) bein...and the [value](https://webidl.spec.whatwg.org/#value-pair-value) being..."_.

Author: from [this example](https://webidl.spec.whatwg.org/#example-d2254660)

Reviewer: Same edits can be applied as suggested above
